README.md, before:

# shennong

A toolbox for unsupervised speech recognition. See the complete
documentation at https://coml.lscp.ens.fr/shennong.


## Installation

This installation process is documented for Ubuntu-18.04, but it can
be adapted to ther Linux distributions easilly.

* First create a `shennong` Python virtual environment with conda:

        conda create --name shennong python=3.7
        conda activate shennong

* Install some dependencies:

        sudo apt install libatlas-base-dev
        conda install numpy pytest pytest-runner h5py scipy cython pyparsing
        pip install h5features

* Install `pykaldi` following the instructions
  [here](https://github.com/pykaldi/pykaldi#installation). Do not
  create a new virtual environment but install it in the `shennong`
  environment instead.

* Then install the shennong package:

        python setup.py install

* Tests the installation is working (this executes all the unit tests
  stored in the `test/` folder):

        python setup.py test


# Documentation

To build the documentation under the `doc/build` folder, please follow those steps.

* Install the required dependencies:

        sudo apt install texlive texlive-latex-extra dvipng
        conda install sphinx shpinx_rtd_theme

* Build the docs:

        cd docs
        sphinx-build . build

* The documentation is now available from `doc/build/index.html`

Commit message:

added environment.yml and Dockerfile

README.md, after:

# shennong

A toolbox for unsupervised speech recognition. See the complete
documentation at https://coml.lscp.ens.fr/shennong.


## Installation

This installation process is documented for Ubuntu-18.04, but it can
be adapted to other Linux distributions easilly.

* Create a `shennong` Python virtual environment with
  [conda](https://conda.io/miniconda.html):

        conda env create --name shennong -f environment.yml
        conda activate shennong

* Install `pykaldi` following the instructions
  [here](https://github.com/pykaldi/pykaldi#installation). Do not
  create a new virtual environment but install it in the `shennong`
  environment instead.

* Then install the shennong package:

        python setup.py install

* Tests the installation is working (this executes all the unit tests
  stored in the `test/` folder):

        python setup.py test


## Docker

You can use `shennong` from within [docker](https://docs.docker.com)
using the provided `Dockerfile`.

* Build the docker image with:

        [sudo] docker build -t shennong .

* Run an interactive session with:

        [sudo] docker run -it shennong /bin/bash

Look for more advanced usage on the official Docker documentation.


## Documentation

To build the documentation under the `doc/build` folder, please follow those steps.

* Install the required dependencies:

        sudo apt install texlive texlive-latex-extra dvipng

* Build the docs:

        cd docs
        sphinx-build . build

* The documentation is now available at `doc/build/index.html`
